docs: improve force calibration docs (#490)
lumicks/pylake: docs/theory/force_calibration/force_calibration.rst

-----------

The hydrodynamically correct model presented in the previous section works well when the bead center is at least 1.5 times the radius above the surface.
When moving closer than this limit, we fall back to a model that more accurately describes the change in drag at low frequencies, but neglects the frequency dependent effects.

To understand why, let's introduce Faxen's approximation for drag on a sphere near a surface under creeping flow conditions.
This model is used for lateral calibration very close to a surface :cite:`schaffer2007surface` and is given by the following equation:

.. math::

    \gamma_\mathrm{faxen}(R/l) = \frac{\gamma_0}{
        1 - \frac{9R}{16l} + \frac{1R^3}{8l^3} - \frac{45R^4}{256l^4} - \frac{1R^5}{16l^5}
    } \tag{$\mathrm{kg/s}$}

At frequency zero, the frequency dependent model used in the previous section, reproduces this model up to and including its second order term in :math:`R/l`.

> It is however, a lower order model and when we go really close to the surface, the accuracy goes down quickly.
> The model predictions at frequency zero deviate strongly from the higher order model as shown in the figure below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is, however, a lower order model and the accuracy decreases rapidly as the distance between the bead and surface become very small.
The figure below shows how the model predictions at frequency zero deviate strongly from the higher order model:
```
